Adds tidymodels article (#131)
rstudio/spark.rstudio.com: guides/tidymodels.qmd

```{r}
linear_reg() %>%
  set_engine("spark") %>%
  translate()
```

Now, we will show an example with a classification model. We will fit a
Random Forest model. To start, we will copy the `iris` data set to the
Spark session:

```{r}
spark_iris <- copy_to(sc, iris)
```

We can prepare the model by piping the initial setup of 100 trees, then
then to set the mode to "classification", and then the engine to "spark"
and lastly, fit the model:

```{r}
iris_model <- rand_forest(trees = 100) %>% 
  set_mode("classification") %>% 
  set_engine("spark") %>% 
  fit(Species ~., data = spark_iris)

iris_model
```

## Model results with `broom`

The `broom` package offers great ways to get summarized information
about a fitted model. There is support for three `broom` functions in
`sparklyr`:

-   `tidy()` - Summarizes information about the components of a model. A
    model component might be a single term in a regression, a single
    hypothesis, a cluster, or a class.

-   `glance()` - Returns a data frame with exactly one row of model
    summaries. The summaries are typically goodness of fit measures,
    p-values for hypothesis tests on residuals, or model convergence
    information.

> -   `augment()` - It is similar to how `ml_predict()` works. Instead of
>     returning a vector of predictions, like `predict()` works,
>     `augment()` adds the prediction columns to the data set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `augment()` - Adds the prediction columns to the data set. This function 
     is similar to `ml_predict()`, but instead of returning only a vector of predictions 
     (like `predict()`), it adds the new column(s) to the data set.
    `augment()` 
```

tidy(iris_model)
```

The `glance()` model returns the number of trees, nodes depth,
sub-sampling rate and impurtiy mode:

```{r}
#| warnings: FALSE
glance(iris_model)
```

## Correlations using `corrr`

The `corrr` package helps with exploring data correlations in R. It
returns a data frame with all of the correlations.

### Why use in Spark?

For `sparklyr`, `corrr` wraps the `ml_cor()` function, and returns a
data frame with the exact same format as if the correlation would have
been calculated in R. This allows us to use all the other functions
inside `corrr`, such as filtering, and plotting without having to re-run
the correlation inside Spark.

### Example

We start by loading the package `corrr`:

```{r}
library(corrr)
```

We will pipe `spark_mtcars` into the `correlate()` function. That runs
the correlations inside Spark, and returning the results into R. Those
results are saved into a data frame:

```{r}
#| message: FALSE
#| warning: FALSE
corr_mtcars <- spark_mtcars %>% 
  correlate()
```

The `corr_mtcars` variable is now a local data set. So we do not need to
go back to Spark if we wish to use it for other things that `corrr` can
do:

```{r}
corr_mtcars
```

> For example, `share()` removes the duplicate correlations from the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `shave()` removes the duplicate correlations from the data
```
